**Meeting Minutes - Fourth Meeting**   
Date: Wednesday 15th October 2025      
Time: 13:00pm till 14:00pm     
Location: Online     


Attendees to attend:    
- Charlotte Smale-Holland (19313496)   
- Ryan Hogan (19390270)   
- Gauthier Lihau (19207032)    
- Gonzalez Rodrigues (19271262)  

---

**Progress Since Previous Meeting (State of Actions Completed):**     
- Completed our quality requirements analysis and implemented feedback from the group during the last meeting.
- Uploaded our quality requirements analysis documents to the group GitHub repository.
- Begun drafting our allocated subsystem's UML diagrams.


**Cross-checking draft Use Case diagrams:**  
Ryan’s Use Case Diagram:
- Regarding Ryan’s use case diagram, we agreed that he connected all the nodes with appropriate connection lines. 
- However, Charlotte and Gathier think that he could make the connections clearer because they overlap. This could be confusing when the diagram gets marked. 

Gonzalez Use Case Diagram:
- We all agreed that the layout of the use case diagram is clear and well laid out. 
- Gauthier noticed that a couple of nodes need to be added to ensure that the subsystem’s links are connected directly.  
- Charlotte and Ryan think that nodes are not labelled clearly, as it will cause confusion when getting graded, as well as while we finish the Software Engineering project. 

Gauthier Use Case Diagram:
- Regarding Gauthier’s diagram, we think he has produced the visual very clearly; however, a couple of use cases and nodes need to be added. For instance, he needs to add a node for “requesting a termination from a society” needs to be included to ensure cohesion between each member’s subsystem use case diagrams

Charlotte Use Case Diagram:
- Unfortunately, Charlotte was unable to show us her use-case diagram, as she faced log errors. This caused the use case diagram to delete itself. She will be 
- Based on the description, we thought that she had covered the required use cases. 
- We are going to cross-check the connections and the whole diagram in next week's meeting. She is going to develop the diagram on her desktop PC instead. 

**Notes on Subsystem’s Data:**     
Input data from Union Officers   
- New event creation and updates
- Approval/rejection decisions on society applications and changes
- USU membership application data
- Union management operations     
 
General Notes on System Data   
- The Union Officers will use the data from the USU Students Application when approving applications for new societies. 
- When organising the events, the Union Officers will need access to the data from the society leader's application, as they are responsible for creating the events. 
- The society leaders’ subsystem will be able to update society registration data. The Society leaders will also be able to update any of the event data, which will then be forwarded to the union officers’ subsystem. The students involved in the societies also get notified of any changes to the data. 
- The USU student application allows students to enter data to register to become a student-user for the union. The data then needs to be transferred over to the society leaders’ subsystem, so that they can communicate. This data will also need to be transferred to the USU operators’ subsystem, so they can review and approve the applications. 


**Actions to take place after the meeting:**
- We will continue to work on our use case diagrams, implementing any changes or suggestions from the meeting.
- We will start working on the activity model diagrams.    

**Issues to be solved:**
- On Charlotte’s Papyrus, she keeps receiving log errors, and the software keeps crashing. Therefore, she is planning on attending a drop-in next week. In the meantime, she is going to work on the diagrams on her Desktop PC. 
- We will figure out whether we need to write an additional description of our individual use case diagrams.   

---

Date/Time of the following meeting - Wednesday 22nd October 2025 (13:00pm till 14:00pm)
