**Meeting Minutes - Third Meeting**   
Date: Wednesday 8th October 2025      
Time: 13:00pm till 14:00pm     
Location: Online     


Attendees to attend:    
- Charlotte Smale-Holland (19313496)   
- Ryan Hogan (19390270)   
- Gauthier Lihau (19207032)    
- Gonzalez Rodrigues (19271262)  

---

**Progress Since Previous Meeting (State of Actions Completed):**
- During the previous meetings, each member of the group was allocated a subsystem for the project, and discussed the functional requirements.
- The majority of our team improved their quality requirements analysis independently, based on the feedback and questions from the previous meeting. 
- However, Gonzalez has only just started writing the quality requirements analysis, due to unfortunate circumstances. 

**Report on quality requirements:**
- Each member of the group showed us their finalised quality requirements analysis, which covered all the improvements suggested, when we cross-checked each other in the last meeting.  
- In the meeting, we did not have as many recommendations as most of them had been covered in previous meetings. 
- We all agreed that our quality requirements were all testable and verifiable. 
- Regarding Ryan’s analysis, Charlotte thought that a minor change could be made to ensure an understanding of the quality attribute notions. 
- Ryan thought that the “Quality Requirements Aspects” section on Gauthier's analysis should be removed to ensure no confusion.     

**Actions to take place after the meeting:**
- We will upload each of our finalised quality requirements analyses to Git Hub.
- Each of us will upload the draft Use case diagrams to the “groupwork” repository for each of our subsystems. Therefore, we will be able to cross-check them in the upcoming meeting. 
- Gonzalez reassured us that he will get his draft quality requirements analysis also written by the upcoming meeting next week. Therefore, his analysis can also be cross-checked. 

**Issues to be solved:**
- We have only had a couple of minor problems with the Git Hub repository, but Charlotte has sorted out the issues and queries with our lecturer yesterday. 
- However, we have no more issues to get resolved regarding the Software Engineering groupwork project. 

---

Date/Time of the following meeting - Wednesday 15th October 2025 (13:00pm till 14:00pm)
