**Meeting Minutes - Fifth Meeting**   
Date: Wednesday 22nd October 2025      
Time: 13:00pm till 14:00pm     
Location: Online     


Attendees to attend:    
- Charlotte Smale-Holland (19313496)   
- Ryan Hogan (19390270)   
- Gauthier Lihau (19207032)    
- Gonzalez Rodrigues (19271262)  

---

**Progress Since Previous Meeting (State of Actions Completed):**     
- Each of us worked on our draft versions of the activity diagrams.
- However, Charlotte and Gauthier faced difficulties with Papyrus, so they will get their drafts finalised for next week. 
- We finished our use case diagrams for each subsystem.    

**Cross-checking draft Activity Diagrams:**
- When we reviewed Ryan’s activity diagram, we agreed that the top section of the activity diagram is displayed very clearly. 
- However, so far, Charlotte suggested that we should review the activity diagrams again next week, as the lower section of the diagram is not very clear. 
- Ryan reviewed Gauthier’s diagram and noted the need to add central buffer nodes between the user and the system interactions.
- Regarding Gauthier’s diagram, we noticed that the connections need to be labelled with yes or no, so that the connections between the nodes are not clear. 
- In Charlotte and Ryan's opinion, Gonzalez’s activity diagram is displayed in depth and clearly. However, he should add a buffer node to confirm the changes between “applied changes” and “apply changes to databases”.
- Gauthier thinks Gonzalez’s diagram looks simple and direct.
- As for technical issues, Charlotte will present both of the diagrams, including the use case and activity diagrams, in the upcoming meeting.     

**Cross-checking Use Case Diagram (Gonzalez):**
- Gonzalez’s use case diagram was significantly improved from last week, and he effectively implemented the suggestions the rest of the group had provided.

**Discuss Papyrus Issues:**
- As we keep getting log errors on our Papyrus, we struggle when developing the diagrams using the software. 
- Gauthier suggested that we attempt to use the university computers next week with Papyrus, as it may make a positive difference to the software engineering project. 
- Charlotte was unable to show us her diagrams for cross-checking, as she kept facing log errors when committing from Papyrus. This led to the diagram continuously deleting itself.    

**Actions to take place after the meeting:**
- We will continue to work on our activity diagrams, implementing any changes or suggestions from the meeting.
- Begin researching how to develop the system architecture models     

**Issues to be solved:**
- On Charlotte’s Papyrus, she keeps receiving log errors, and the software keeps crashing. Therefore, she is planning on attending a drop-in next week. In the meantime, she is going to work on the diagrams on her Desktop PC. 

---

Date/Time of the following meeting - Wednesday 29th October 2025 (13:00pm till 14:00pm)
